README.md, before:



<div align="center">
  <!-- You are encouraged to replace this logo with your own! Otherwise you can also remove it. -->
  <img src="murple_logo.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>BookStore-site README</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 \[BookStore-site\] ](#-bookstore-site-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
  - [👥 Author ](#-author-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [Show your support ](#show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [BookStore-site] <a name="about-project"></a>

> The Bookstore is a Single Page Application website that lets users to: 
Display a list of books.
Add a book.
Remove a selected book.
By building this application, i learnt how to use React and Redux.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with">
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React and Redux
</a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> I used the following tech stack to develop this project

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">React.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites
- ReactJS
- Redux
- NPM
- Render
- Knowledge of Basic git commands

In order to run this project you need:

To have installed Nodejs in your Code editor. In case you don't have it, go to this [site](https://nodejs.org/en/) and download the setup based on your PC

## Setup
In a desired folder or directory in the CLI, run the command:

```JavaScipt
cd clone https://github.com/admirerbrown/Bookstore-site.git
```

### Install

Navigate into the cloned folder or repository by running the command:
```JavaScript
 cd <folder/name of the repository>
 ```
Then run ```npm install``` to install all required dependencies (this will create a /node_modules folder).

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

Inside the newly created project, you can run some built-in commands:

```npm start``` or ```yarn start```
Runs the app in development mode.
Open http://localhost:3000/ to view it in the browser.

The page will automatically reload if you make changes to the code.
You will see the build errors and lint warnings in the console.

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Samuel Kyere**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/admirerbrown)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/brown_admirer)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn]()

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/admirerbrown/Bookstore-site/issues).

## Show your support <a name="support"></a>

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

- I would like to thank ``` Microverse``` for providing me the materials that enabled me to finish this exercise

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./license) licensed

Commit message:

add Future Features Section to readme file

README.md, after:



<div align="center">
  <!-- You are encouraged to replace this logo with your own! Otherwise you can also remove it. -->

  <h3><b>BookStore-site README</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 \[BookStore-site\] ](#-bookstore-site-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Future Features](#future-features)
  - [👥 Author ](#-author-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [Show your support ](#show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [BookStore-site] <a name="about-project"></a>

> The Bookstore is a Single Page Application website that lets users to: 
Display a list of books.
Add a book.
Remove a selected book.
By building this application, i learnt how to use React and Redux.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with">
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React and Redux
</a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> I used the following tech stack to develop this project

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">React.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites
- ReactJS
- Redux
- NPM
- Render
- Knowledge of Basic git commands

In order to run this project you need:

To have installed Nodejs in your Code editor. In case you don't have it, go to this [site](https://nodejs.org/en/) and download the setup based on your PC

## Setup
In a desired folder or directory in the CLI, run the command:

```JavaScipt
cd clone https://github.com/admirerbrown/Bookstore-site.git
```

### Install

Navigate into the cloned folder or repository by running the command:
```JavaScript
 cd <folder/name of the repository>
 ```
Then run ```npm install``` to install all required dependencies (this will create a /node_modules folder).

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

Inside the newly created project, you can run some built-in commands:

```npm start``` or ```yarn start```
Runs the app in development mode.
Open http://localhost:3000/ to view it in the browser.

The page will automatically reload if you make changes to the code.
You will see the build errors and lint warnings in the console.

<!-- Future Features -->
### Future Features
i would like to add the following features in the future:
- Add recommended books section based on the user's likeness
- improve the ui to add logo animation
- make app responsive on numerous devices to improve user experience

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Samuel Kyere**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/admirerbrown)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/brown_admirer)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn]()

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/admirerbrown/Bookstore-site/issues).

## Show your support <a name="support"></a>

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

- I would like to thank ``` Microverse``` for providing me the materials that enabled me to finish this exercise

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./license) licensed
